Panic or emergency situations are unavoidable and usually unexpected. The nature and consequences of these situations can vary significantly and in worst cases also be life threatening. At the time of emergency there may not be any possibility to attempt phone calls or to send messages manually. Therefore it would be really nice to have some mechanism by which we can notify certain people about such circumstances and increase the changes of receiving help as soon as possible. The need for such as mechanism increases even more as in this era of technology, platform exist to support them. One such platform and a very common one in that is mobile phones. Almost everyone today carry a mobile phones with them as they become more and more affordable and easily available. Hence developing an Android application becomes an obvious choice. The aim of the project is to develop and Android application that lets its users to send notifications using Panic Button in panic situation and implement ICE methods. The users can send multiple text message on the press of a single button. The emergency contacts, personal information, health record and the contents of the text can be set from within the application. The text messages sent along with the content, also have the last known location of the user. This is very helpful in tracking the whereabouts of the person. The user can also call emergency services such as police, ambulance and civil defence. It can call directly from within the application, if the nature of situation demands it. Furthermore, the user of the application may know their current location on Google Maps. This information is very useful can be used in a variety of ways. One such use of the location data is from within the Android Application where the user can view on the Google Map that show nearby particular place when user select and navigate to the particular place. For the development on this project used an agile method of Software Development Life Cycle which is have requirement, analysis, design, development and implementation and testing. This project has been conducted by using Functionality Testing to test how the application work based on objective of this project and does the application is well functions. In the future enhancement, the application allow to track user’s location and fetch user’s location at about every 5 to 15 minutes and send to emergency contacts.
ICE apk in folder ICE. 
